MJ DDR DWI + Edit Data Pack 1

	This zip file contains 20 doubles step charts for several official DDR songs!  All of these charts are available in Playstation memory card edit data format, so you can transfer the steps to your PSOne card (using a DexDrive or other) and play them at the arcade!  The edit datas are available in DexDrive format (PSX), PSXGameEdit format (MCS), SmartLink format (MCB), and DWI format.

This first pack contains several transfers of my 'megamix' charts to fit with the official songs.  I have added new sequences when necessary and fixed some older mistakes.  I have played all of these charts at the arcade to make sure that they are high quality and error free.

Please note: My goal is to provide a quality series of doubles edit datas for dedicated players looking for some new and fun challenges.  Doubles only!  If you can't handle it, don't play it.

Instructions:

The world of PSOne memory card transfers and DDR edits is a confusing one.  First, you'll need a Sony brand first-party playstation memory card.  As you may have read or heard elsewhere, third party cards are not recommended for use in a DDR machine.  Next, you will need a memory managing piece of hardware that connects your PC to your PSOne memory card (DexDrive, etc.).  These can be hard to find in stores now a days so I suggest you look online if you can't find anything locally (try ebay too).  From there, you may have download additional software to convert the file type to something your memory manager can use.


Dex Drive:

If you have a Dex Drive, copy the PSX files using the Dex Drive software onto your PSOne card.  You can also use the PSXGameEdit software, if you have the serial port version of the Dex Drive.  Link below.


Other Memory Managers:

If you have another type of memory card manager, there are several utilities available on the web that can convert different save types and even interface with your hardware.  The two main utilities are PSXGameEdit and PSXMemTool.  PSXGameEdit can interface with hardware but has limited conversion abilities.  PSXMemTool has a larger range of file conversion but won't interface directly with hardware.  With both of these tools you should be able to get the memory on to your card no matter what hardware you use.  Another useful tool is DDREditMAX, which you can use to view and edit MCS files.

Remember that these are individual save blocks, not an entire memory card.  It is possible with these utilities to make a whole memory card file containing the edits for transfer to your card.  This is much easier than manually converting each file.

MCB files are included mainly for compatibility with some Japanese programs.

http://www.moberg-dybdal.dk/psxge/ - PSXGameEdit Main Site

http://psxmemtool.ngemu.com - PSXMemTool

http://www.unzcopse.homeip.net/ddrem_wiki/ - DDREditMAX

Play the DWIs:

To play the DWIs, make copies of your official simfile folders (they should not say "Copy of"), then drag my DWI folders in to replace them - select yes to replace the official DWIs with my versions.  Official MP3s and charts not included.

Full Listing of Charts:

AFRONOVA PRIMEVAL (9) - This is a relentless edit that has difficult tech, and tons of jumps.

CANDY (9) - A fairly mild edit with a bit of pad leaping and some jumps.

DEAD END (9) - There are long runs in this edit, but they are moderated in terms of stamina.

End of the Century (9) - A more dynamic edit than the official chart, including long steps and fast jumps.

exotic ethnic (9) - This edit has patterend sequences and a moderate difficulty.

GENOM SCREAMS (9) - Chaotic rhythms with lots of step jumps and screwed up tech.  Handle with care!

Healing Vision (9) - A mild 9, but just enough to have a fun challenge.

Healing Vision (Angelic mix) (9) - An edit with a lot more air time than the official chart, including difficult double-jumps.

INSERTiON (9) - Difficult rhythm patterns but moderate tech and nothing that will bury you (hint: speed mod!)

LEADING CYBER (9) - Another edit with chaotic rhythms and some difficult step jumps.

La Senorita (9) - A fun edit, not nearly as tiring and with many more jumps and varied rhythms.

MAX 300 (10) - This is a moderate 10 footer.  If you've AAed the Max series you won't find this especially tough.  If not, this chart will put some hair on your chest.

ORION.78 (AMeuro-MIX) (9) - This fun edit has tons of jumps and creative rhythms.

ORION.78 (civilization mix) (9) - This is an 'experimental' chart with difficult rhythms and difficult step jumps

Note: Due to a limitation in the official editor, some twelfth/twenty fourth notes were replaced with sixteenths in the edit data.  The DWI file doesn't have this problem.

Spin the disc (9) - A light 9 foot chart with some tough rhythms and difficult technique.

Sync (Extreme Version) (9) - Much harder than the official 9 foot steps, although that isn't saying much!  Still, with the speed and step jumps, this is a difficult chart.

Trip Machine Climax (9) - A lot of step jumps and very difficult technique.

WAKA LAKA (9) - A moderate chart that isn't too heavy but has enough there to keep you on your toes - the jumps are difficult!

Xenon (9) - I did some extra editing to this one to bring the difficulty level up.  Lots of chaos and difficult rhythms.

Bonus Edit Data:

AM-3P (AM EAST mix) - This is a bonus track from my second doubles edit data pack.  This edit has a lot of difficult rhythms and some step jumps.


Contact Info:

AIM: MJEmirzian
ICQ: 35989900
Mail: mjemirzian@mailsnare.net


Special Thanks:

Makers of PSXMemTool, DDREditMax, and PSXGameEdit


Coming Soon!:

These subsequent packs will be released as I finish them.  All contents subject to change.  Doubles only.

DDRMAX 2 Oni Step Charts:

These are 12 new doubles charts for several DDRMAX2 Oni songs.  I have a bunch of these done already so this release isn't too far off!

AFRONOVA (FROM NONSTOP MEGAMIX)
AM-3P (AM EAST mix)
CELEBRATE NITE (EURO TRANCE STYLE)
DROP OUT (FROM NONSTOP MEGAMIX)
ECSTASY (midnight blue mix)
HYSTERIA 2001
MATSURI JAPAN (FROM NONSTOP MEGAMIX)
MY SUMMER LOVE (TOMMY'S SMILE MIX)
SEXY PLANET (FROM NONSTOP MEGAMIX)
SUPER STAR (FROM NONSTOP MEGAMIX)
TSUGARU (APPLE MIX)
WILD RUSH (FROM NONSTOP MEGAMIX)

Classic DDR Charts:

These are new doubles charts for several classic DDR songs.

Paranioa
Brilliant 2U
Gradiusic Cyber
Paranoia Rebirth
La Senorita Virtual
Rhythm & Police
Abyss
Twilight Zone
Midnite Blaze
Groove 2001
Breakdown
Burning Heat!
Trip Machine Survivor
Dynamite Rave (Down Bird SOTA Mix)